Hi, guys.
WALKER In the last lecture, we created this class called GSC Controller, and we sent a class.
We created a function called Create Mutant.
Then within the parentheses of the function we passed in this theory, dynamic variables.
That is the room name.
This audio muted.
Others video muted.
And one of the reasons for this is because we want our values to be dynamic.
That is, for example, you can see over here we have this room which is referring to the room name.
We can easily just say the room name should be called.
My room.
But the problem is, it is not going to be unique.
That is, every user is going to have a room.
They called my room and we agreed to this that we don't want this.
Instead, we want our room name to be unique.
Okay, so that was why we have to pass in this dynamic data card room.
Name.
Okay.
So now in this lecture, what we're going to do is we're going to use this function called create method.
That's a use this function.
We're going to need to use control and data like this, Lola.
Then.
Is going to use control s to save this first.
Then they're going to go to our screens, then the meat on the screen.
Then we're going to lose control and we to make this white.
Okay, that over here.
They're going to create a function.
Harriet.
We're just going to call this function create.
Medicine or create new medicine.
Okay.
Great.
Now we are going to use that function card.
Create medicine.
Now, as we know, we have access to this function.
We thought of it as this to the class called GSC Controller.
Okay, first of access to this, how to do that, we can simply just create a V able to store that class.
Okay.
So over here we're going to create a a variable.
And I'm going to call this variable or this core, Jesse.
Controller.
Then he's going to raise in the oldest court because we don't want to I says this verbal aside, this
fight.
Okay so it's going to be equal to the class called get see.
Jet ski controller.
Okay.
Now we can specify the type.
It is a type of.
Jet ski controller.
Okay, now we have access.
We can have access to that.
Create medicine.
Okay, now over here, all we just have to see is all this cool jet ski.
Controller standards create Mitten Lake as is asking for the room name and as well is asking for the
is old you muted right so what is audio muted.
Defaults is going to be sets to true that's this once audio as well what is video muted defaults is
as well good to is set to true.
Okay.
Now we're going to make sure we had our semicolon over there.
Now for the room name.
As we all agreed, we don't automatically generate a room name for the user is going to be a no value,
but you are going to convert that number to a string since we specify that it is a type of.
Starting over.
Okay, great.
So we're going to go back to the letter.
Let's go screen so the words, we can't do this.
We can create a variable called random.
Random Day.
We're going to set it to the court to do random.
Library.
Okay, great.
If for any reason it's not available, Ted.
You can use a light that is controlled.
Dot.
Okay.
Great.
Adios.
A record.
Now what I'm going to do, this is going to create a rainbow card room name, right?
This.
Real name.
As we said, we are going to convert it to a test so we can specify it is a type of string that is going
to be equal to.
This.
It's going to be a quarter of this random variable, random variable.
We can just wrap this with a parentheses are the parentheses.
Okay.
So now we're automatically going to generate a number, a number as the room.
So this is going to be dots next.
It's okay.
We're going to have one.
Then we're going to have several zeros.
One, two, two, four, five, six, seven.
Okay.
Then we can say plus, then one as well is going to be one, two, two, four, five, six, seven.
Then the next thing we are going to need to do is to convert this to a test, since we have specified
that it is a test of using the string.
Okay.
So although you are going to need to see dots to.
String.
Okay.
I'll just say the colon.
Now we're going to make use of this creates new information.
Okay.
So now is it oh, this.
They're going to get rid of all this.
Get rid of this, then they're going to use the creates.
New medicine.
Okay.
Now make sure you get rid of this because this and this is a different thing.
Get rid of this audio record.
Then we're just going to we start this.
All three states now using the API 30.
Probably just inmates.
There's no supports.
Might not support.
Or you can just try it at first.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to click on this now.
Can see.
Okay.
Well, that's great.
So I can see it generated a random number for us as the real name.
And you can see now this is the room name, right?
We said we want it to be unique so we have to use the random.
Okay, that over here you can see we can invite.
We can.
Okay.
It's going to pop out.
Okay, great.
You can see we can divide.
We can also.
You can see.
We can.
Okay.
Allow.
Okay, great.
I'm going to start this then audio as well.
Great.
Over here.
You can see we can as well chat.
Right.
Okay.
You can see how far forward you just see the packages.
Well, I think you can see all this list of this.
So let's sound.
You can select sound to call from speaker.
We can as well raise and well, it's currently there's no other user, right.
So nobody's going see the hard rights.
Okay.
So we can do basically everything that you can't do with the way you can go to the of shows you can
see stuff screen sharing.
Right.
Okay.
You can see.
Looks good, right?
Okay.
You can do basically everything you can do with Zoom.
Now, if for any reason you get it, you can car.
There's almost everybody.
It's everybody.
With everyone except yourself, if for any reason you are.
Having an issue, you can do well to let me know.
So I get that.
So for you as well.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.